
Skip to end of metadata
Created by Hall, Jake Feb 28, 2020 05:18 PM GMT-07:00
Go to start of metadata

Background
eBay would like to introduce a new regional shipping program to serve buyers and sellers in remote locations.

To promote the inventory eligible for this new shipping program, eBay is planning to make changes to its front end user experiences and back end services.

These changes will range from altering search rankings, to modifying recommendation algorithms, to changing the way eligible items are visually displayed.

Each planned change (and probably some unplanned changes) depends upon a core service that determines whether or not an item is eligible for the new shipping program.

An item is determined to be eligible for this new program according to a set of rules that is created and managed by eBay administrators.

The core set of rules will probably change over time, but initially includes all of the following:

The seller of the item is enrolled in the shipping program

the item is from a pre-approved category

the item has a price greater than or equal to some minimum amount

Goal
Write a service that identifies whether or not an item is eligible for the new shipping program, as well as a simple admin
interface which can be used to exercise these APIs.

Service API
Service clients must provide the following input about an item:

title: A string representing the title of the item

seller: A string containing the user name of the seller of the item

category: An integer representing the numeric identifier of the item's category

price: A double representing the price of the item in USD


In non-error conditions, the service must return an output value that indicates whether or not an item is eligible for the new service.

Rules Configuration
As business needs change, the eligibility rules will need to change as well.

Some changes will require modifying service code, such as adding a completely new rule (e.g. the program is only available in certain seasons).

Other changes should only require configuration modifications, such as increasing the minimum item price, adding/removing a user to the enrollment list for the program, or adding/removing a category to the pre-approved category list.  Top marks will be given for exposing these configurable items through an API that could be used as a basis for browser based tooling for eBay administrators.

Tech Constraints
To keep things somewhat constrained we ask that you:

use Spring Boot or Node.js as your application framework

use HTTP as your service protocol

use JSON as your service request/response Media Type

use a modern javascript framework of your choice for the front end.

Deliverables
Email us a link to an accessible repository such as github or bitbucket, or a zip file containing:

Source Code

Documentation

instructions on how to build and run the service locally

any assumptions you have made

anything else you feel like documenting

Guidance
If you choose to write the backend in java or Kotlin and haven't worked with Spring Boot before, here is a tutorial that will get you going quickly with service APIs: https://medium.com/@theopendle/creating-a-jersey-api-with-spring-boot-87a1af0512e5
